RiftsMUD Memories:

room exits were bold green. very little color throughout room descriptions. 

great horned dragons had mdc only not hp + sdc, they could metamorph human or metamorph <race> and change shape and appearance, fit into human sized armor

there was also psionics like telepathy, spells like swimasafish and windrush

i remember there was a hydra enemy you could cast the windrush spell on and they would end up in the other room and you could stay there. that room had a rock you could push to reveal a jagged obsidian blade. it was a very strong sword, there was also a metal hilt, that when you charged it with ppe you could make a flame appear and it would last for a duration then go out but it was also a strong sword

i remember pet systems where if you had falconry and traded the right item to a shopkeeper they would give you a pet hawk that would follow you, eat corpses of enemies you killed, listen to say cmds depending on you falconry skill level 98% it would almost always obey, 65% it wouldn't always and would just squawk

there was a npc named moxim that would open rifts between the 3 areas, there was a rift <destination> cmd and they would take some universal credits, utter something, open a rift, you could enter it, someone else could as well, it would collapse after a short duration

the score cmd was wrapped in an ascii border, dont remember much color other then the status effect of thirst being quenched was blue, and there was a similar one for if you did drugs, it would say stoned in blue


Mapping out as much of Splynn as I can remember exactly. Will just wing it from there haha. Apparently the Sword of Atlantis was in the ocean rift btw
Yeah, there used to be multiple score commands There was also an equipment command that showed what you were wearing/had equipped Yeah, Donovan and I were discussing that. He mentioned how he loved that the only time you saw color was the green from the radio, the red/white from ooc and blue from tells
HUDs very similar to the Dead Souls ones, but they just looked like a green thing with like A Glitterboy power armor is standing here. Etc.Real time: Juicers can heal in a few minutes, dragons in like an hour or two, humans slow af

Yeah, basically the way RM worked is you'd pick your race and or class, everything you automatically came with (so long as it was coded into the game) got immediately added. 

Then you had to wait for a wizard, go through lists  to see what you could have etc. seems like a nice clean skill picker that would just list the categories, and only display what you can have would be simple 

Whoa just got crazy info about RiftsMUD's origin, didn't realize how much my brother remembered, since he'd been a wizard for so long before me.
Was talking with my brother about how it bothered me Chris couldn't figure out how to update the driver on a mud he supposedly wrote the majority of the code for, we're talking over a month for what would be a fluffOS update that would take Tsath or Malc a few minutes, or me a few hours or a day or two tops.

Apparently Chris did like 30-35% of the conversion, basically he had a head coder that modified everything, and he just did the stuff the coding wizards did and followed the examples for the most part.

Turns out, Macgyver did the vast majority of the difficult stuff, including the OCCs and RCC conversions, MDC etc.
Was brainstorming with my brother for mud ideas for the future last night. A few gems popped up:

An ability for smugglers that lets them convert credits back and forth between regular and black market credits, letting them set an exchange rate they can improve based on level. Could add a menu based system so they could offer it as a paid service.,

is adding more secret classes similar to Sunaj that you can unlock for your account by doing certain things in the game.,

was modifying either the makeroom.c or your room creation tool, and implementing it to a mob for automation of Merc group bases.,

Probably the most difficult, but adding some of the creation tables to the game like Merc group creation and making cyborgs and androids and such, adding the juicer process in game like it is in the books.,

Eventually some way to start your OCC at level 1 and pick a new one, maybe add a flag to the pfile to prevent players from doing it twice. Would probably need heavy testing to prevent too much power creep 

Moxim "You had to manually enter the rifts, and you handed him credits with a command instead of saying something, but it works great."  Apparently it was just rift <target> and he took the money


in Splynn, in the bar, rocky had a 100md rechargable with ppe armor talisman, you could activate it in inventory without wearing it and it worked on every race but Hawrk-duhk and those like it
also in splynn, go south like you're going to rocky's, all west, 1 north, knock on the pillar, this opens up the black market, you can buy predator type armors that make you invisible, net guns, etc.

the ghostly katana of soul slaying loads in the catacombs like the obsidian blade it ignores armor and does md or sdc depending on target directly to the body
Welcome to RiftsMUD 2.1. RiftsMUD is a multi-user dungeon based on Palladium Books' Rifts role-playing game. It allows players to select from over 50 races, 50 Occupational Character Classes, 150 skills, and countless magic spells, psionics, and abilities. The game includes locations such as Chi-town, New Camelot, Splynn, and other worlds. Come see why RiftsMUD is the longest running and best Rifts based MUD on the web!

The Third World War has crippled the earth, killing millions. Their energy pours back into the earth erupting the magical rivers ley lines with devastating consequences. Where these lines cross, nexus points open destructive rifts, gateways to unknown lands. These mystic portals unleash the nightmarish monsters of thousands of worlds upon our homeland. Technology and magic now clash for the fate of humanity in this apocalyptic landscape.

RiftsMUD is currently running on the mighty server Tonster thanks to Arzach. The lib is custom coded by the administrator

World information - The Americas
The Americas consist of the present day North America, Central America, and South America. North America is home to two large conflicting forces: the Federation of Magic and the Coalition States. Outside these territories lie vast amounts of thick wilderness and danger. Blood thirsty vampires rule most of Mexico. Moving into South America, think jungles, swamps and mountains make up most of the terrain. A few pockets of civilization scattered throught the continet. Rare 20th Century technology makes for good yet dangerous treasure hunting.




(Artwork from Splynncryth - "psi-stalker")



Areas:

Chi-town:
The capital of the Coalition States. CS troops--mutant dog boys, psi-stalkers, SAMAS pilots, grunts--heavily patrol the area. Dangerous for the unprepared D-bee. Small shatty towns surround the fortified city where crime is high. Not the best place to stay. The CS patroling there lets everyone fight for themselves.
Lone Star:
The Coalition's headquarters for mutant creation and research. High CS patrols within the area. A decent livible city...if human. Many D-bees are captured and used for experiments. Another place where D-bees shouldn't explore without proper gear.
Horton:
A small human town. Seem friendly enough and welcomes anyone. Placed in a location surrounded by forest, dangerous wild creatures have a tendincy to wonder in and pray off the weakly defended towns folk. Only way in and out besides days of traveling through the wilderness is by hovertrain.
Puerto Angel:
Once home to humans...vampires now roam free. Better bring a cross and some water! Though tollerant to most folk, they will fight to the death if attacked. Some have travled as far north as the burbs of Chi-Town looking for prey. The beaches next to the ocean makes a wonderful resting spot.
Coming Soon:
* Addition to the Burbs as well as the fortified city itself! Secret enterences, quests, new mobs, many new shops--a few of the things yet to come.

* Stormshire, one of the great places to visit in the magic zone! HUGE city and wilderness areas to explore. Secrets, new items, mobs--a must see!
Atlantis
The legendary continent of Atlantis has mysteriously appeared on Earth again. However, it is no longer ruled by the wise and benevolent Atlanteans, but by a ruthless alien intelligence race known as the splugorth. Lord Splynncryth and his minions now claim the land, turning it into a mysterious and magical land with monstrous denizens.

Splynn is the capital and best known for The Market, an inter-dimensional shopping area where just about anything and everything can be found, from weapons, power armor, to slaves.

Alvurron is the city of the gargoyles. Only the brave-of-heart adventure into this city where the winged beasts fly overhead and cavernous dwellings are scattered around.

The Preserves is Lord Splynncryth's great hunting grounds on the west side of the continent. It is filled with ravenous monsters of all sorts and even nomadic tribes of lesser creatures (such as humans) roam here. Perhaps it is time to take a hunting party into this savage area. Be prepared and pack plenty of e-clips.

Atlantis highlights include:
Slave trading - the active ability to buy and own slaves.
The Market - and its countless services offered.
Dozens of secrets that only the smart and able will discover.

It is rated:
Services: ****
Difficulty: *****
Mob numbers: ***

Africa: under
construction

Australia: under
construction

Japan: under
construction

Europe

Welcome to Europe. Here is where you will find the City of New Camelot. Who knows... perhaps the King will make an appearance, flanked by his loyal servant Mrrlyn. Here you can explore the royal gardens and browse through various shops along market street, just becareful... some people say that the gardens are alive. Now off to what is left of the Pre-rifts country Germany, which is now ruled by the NGR. The technology here is almost unbeatable compared to many of the other weapon's manufacturing industries. Be on the lookout though... some soldiers harbor the same feelings towards d-bees as the dreaded Coalition States do.

AetherMUD Helpfiles

Available Help Files:
The following help files are duplicated from within the game for your ease of reference. Specific help files for specialized commands, such as bionics, are not listed here.

aberrant	abilities	account	advance	air warlock	alias
alignment	anarchist	ansi	assassination	assist	assistance
atlantean nomad	attack	autododge	autoparry	body fixer	bot
bots	bounty hunter	brief	bug	card	chat
city rat	coalition grunt	color	colorize	combat	commands
communication	concept	concept1	concept2	consent	converse
crazy	cs grunt	cs military specialist	cs ranger	cs samas pilot	cs samas rpa
cs specialist	cs tech-officer	cs technical officer	cs tech officer	customize	cyber-doc
cyber-knight	cyberknight	death	delphi juicer	description	diabolic
disclaimer	disposition	dodge	drop	echo	eject
email	emote	eq	exa	examine	experience
face	faq	forger	forget	forward	freelance spy
get	getting-started	gifted gypsy	give	glitter boy pilot	glitterboy pilot
goal	greet	harassment	headhunter	help	history
horror	hyperion juicer	i	icq	idea	index
information	information sharing	insert	introduce	introduction	introduction2
iss peacekeeper	iss specter	items	juicer	kill	kittani field mechanic
kittani warrior	knight	l	language	laugh	left
levels	lineecho	linerows	line walker	look	map
master assassin	mercs	misc	miscreant	movement	multi-playing
multiplaying	mystic	names	nega-psychic	news	ngr mechanic
ngr soldier	ninja juicer	nomad	ntset protector	occs	ooc
operator	palmer	palmer2	parry	password	pemote pskills
picture	pirate	position	post	principled	privacy
privacy-policy	professional thief	prompt	psihelp	psionics	quests
quit	radio	religion	remember	remove	reply
reporting	rest	riftsmud	right	rogue scholar	rogue scientist
roleplaying	royal knight	rules	rules.990925	rules.old	sailor
save	saving throws	say	sbar	score	scrupulous
sentiment	sirname	skills sskills	slave	smuggler	special forces
staff	starting equipment	stats	stop	suicide	syntax
take	tattooed-man	tell	testcolor	thank	think
three strikes policy	tips	trigger	triggers	typo	unload
unprincipled	unwield	vagabond	vehicles	view	wake
weapon	wear	whimpy	whisper	who	wield
wilderness scout	wimpy	withdraw	wizardship	wizardship.old	wizardship2
worn	www

AetherMUD RCC's OCC's List

Currently Available Races:
* denote ability to get an O.C.C.
(mail admin@aethermud.com if you find any mistakes)

Algor Frost Giant *
Atlantean*
Basilisk
Bearman *
Bogie
Brownie
Burster
Changeling *
Common Faerie
Common Pixie
Conservator
Coyle *
Dog Boy
Dwarf *
Elf *
Equinoid
Fire Dragon
Frost Pixie
Gargoyle
Goblin *
Great Horned Dragon
Green Wood Faerie
Gurgoyle
Hawrke Duhk (NEW!)
Hawrk-ka (NEW!)
Human *
Ice Dragon
Jotan *
Kankoran*
Mind Melter
Night-Elves Faerie
Nimro Fire Giant *
Ogre *
Orc *
Pogtal - Dragon Slayer
(CS) Psi-stalker
Rahu-man *
Ratling *
Secondary Vampire
Silver Bells Faerie
Thunder Lizard Dragon
Titan *
Tree Sprite
Troll *
Water Sprite
Werebear
Weretiger
Werewolf
Wild Psi-stalker (NEW!)
Wild Vampire

Currently Available OCCs

Atlantean Nomad (NEW!)
Atlantean slave (NEW!)
Body Fixer
Bounty Hunter
City Rat
CS Grunt
CS Ranger
CS Military Specialist
CS SAMAS RPA Pilot
CS Technical Officer
Cyber-Doc
Cyber-Knight
Forger
Freelance Spy
Glitter Boy Pilot
Gifted Gypsy
Headhunter
ISS Peacekeeper
ISS Specter
Juicer
Knight (Europe)
Master Assassin
Ninja Juicer
NTSET Protector
Operator
Pirate (S.A.)
Professional Thief
Rogue Scholar
Royal Knight
Sailor (S.A.)
Smuggler
Special Forces (Merc)
Vagabond
Wilderness Scout
Special limited OCCS:
Ley Line Walker
Maxi - Man
Sunaj Assassin (NEW!)
